The new owner of Dynasty Entertainment Club
Could it be that Chen Tianze
Really bought the dynasty
Impossible, Master Qing, you can't make a mistake, right?
It's the card you mentioned
This name
My boss said
Don't mind uncle
He has 1 billion
Why the hell am I not allowed to say it in front of this door?
Yang Meier's favorability increased by 150 points
Reach 100 points
Unlock Skill Universal Store System
What's a universal store?
The host can use the Muse fund
Buy any skill in the universal store
But it can only be used to help Muse
I am not iron wolfberry
Unlocked new skills
Very reliable
boss
These people, you say
Dear, I'm sorry we were wrong before.
I'm obsessed
Please forgive me, okay?
Do you think I can't look down on you if you are ugly?
I don't want to see Master Bear
OK
Look at Brother Li
Dear, dear, dear.
Boss, let's go through the formalities.
Master Xiong
I bought this dynasty even more awesome
So I'm not the boss, it's him.
Boss, I'll go through the formalities for you.